The journey for many PowerShell/Windows folks to Linux/Bash is a common one, especially for those running systems on Azure. To help with this, I wanted to share some insights I have on mentally aligning BASH scripts with PowerShell. This is by no means an exhaustive list, as there are many resources available on the open web.To get started, here's my starting point (obviously, this isn't *quite* right, but it's a starting point):Select >> awk/grepWhere >> greppiping/"for each" >> xargsSo, for some exmaples, we'll use the Azure XPlat CLI v0.10.5. While this verison doesn't have nearly as nice an output as the upcoming Azure Xplat CLI v.2, it will serve to demonstrate some samples.Note I am also intentionally NOT using the --json output format that the CLI supports. The goal here is to demonstrate how to use POSIX standard tools to work with the azure output.IntroductionLet's begin by simply enumerating the subscriptions we have access to:1: azure account list[[Show Output]]Obviously, the important bits in our exmaples are the subscription ID's. But how can we get them out? If you have a PowerShell background you've no doubt already typed the solution out in your head. Something like the following:1: azure account list | select IdOf course this won't work, but it turns out we can get pretty close:1: guid="[0-9a-f]{8}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{12}"2: azure account list | grep -Eo $guid[[Show Output]]Let's break this snippet down. Line 1 is simply a regex for GUID's. Line 2 leverages the E (regex) and o (output match only) flags for grep to output only the matching characters. But this is pretty verbose - can we do better? Turns out, in CLI v.1, not really. The output doesn't use standard separators that enable easy text parsing - so we're stuck with specifically looking for GUID's.Moving on, suppose we wanted to use each ID to go get extended details about that subscription? Enter our friend, xargs:1: guid="[0-9a-f]{8}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{12}"2: azure account list | grep -Eo $guid | xargs -n1 azure account show[[Show Output]]Same explanation as above, but what about the "xargs" part at the end? I read that in my head as "For each item output from the last command, run the command that follows". In this case, we are running "azure account show", and added the incoming argument to the end. This allows us to run the "account show" command for each id.Advanced SamplesSuppose you wanted to list all users in the current subscription, and then show all group memberships of each user?1: guid="[0-9a-f]{8}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{4}-[0-9a-f]{12}"2: azure ad user list | grep -Eo $guid | xargs -n1 azure ad user memberGroups list